<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1 plus MathML 2.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="LyX 2.2.2" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8" />
<title>The next steps of the job system</title>
<style type='text/css'>
/* Layout-provided Styles */
h1.title {
font-size: x-large;
margin-bottom: 1ex;
text-align: center;

}
div.standard {
margin-bottom: 2ex;
}


</style>
</head>
<body dir="auto">
<h1 class="title"><a id='magicparlabel-563' />The next steps of the job system</h1>
<div class="standard"><a id='magicparlabel-564' />Not a lot was done over the day, but these are some of the changes I did.</div>

<div class="standard"><a id='magicparlabel-565' />The chair manafucturing process started. At first the chairs were made of a single rock, a dwarf would take one rock from the quarry and place it into the chair factory. Then I made it so that chairs would be made from 4 rocks (2 was a step to there) and the dwarfs would need to take 4 rocks from the quarry to make a chair.</div>

<div class="standard"><a id='magicparlabel-566' />Because there was only 3 chairs wanting to be made, in the system where only 1 dwarf would do a job node each time, it was taking some times for the dwarfs to make a chair. I decided to start working on that communication system to make it faster. </div>

<div class="standard"><a id='magicparlabel-567' />I made a storage where the dwarfs would bring all of their goods to there after collecting them. then, when a dwarf looks for a job node, if the storage has the needed materials, they can walk there and get the materials needed for the job.</div>

	<div class="standard"><a id='magicparlabel-585' />It was good but it still meant that several dwarfs were waiting near the storage area for their turn to collect the rocks. I changed the system to have several dwarfs taking rocks at the same time, and the dwarfs quickly settled into what appears to be a good configuration that can be seen <a href="24_03_19.mp4">here</a>.</div>
</body>
</html>
